NANCY: Previously on
L.A.'s Finest...
Five years ago, the DEA had me
investigating Gabriel Knox.
And my cover got blown.
I was tortured, shot,
and left for dead.
Knox disappeared
after that.
You think
he's here in L.A.
And Ray Sherman
knows how to find him.
Ray Sherman has been
running off at the mouth
about being on Knox's payroll.
I want Gabriel Knox.
JOSEPH: As long as Knox
is protecting him,
Sherman's not gonna talk.
You can't keep
going after him.
SYD: When I'm done, I won't have to go after him.
He's gonna come to me.
Dante?
Your partner
crossed the line.
Calling me
is crossing the line.
Don't do it again.
♪♪♪♪
[FILTERED BREATHING]
[LOCKS DISENGAGE]
[FILTERED BREATHING CONTINUES]
♪♪♪♪
[LID SLAMS, LOCKS ENGAGE]
[POUNDING ON DOOR]
[INHALES SHARPLY]
[POUNDING CONTINUES]Okay. I'm coming.
[SNIFFS,
EXHALES SHARPLY]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
What the...
♪♪♪♪
That's Atticus.
He's with me.
[GRUNTING]
Can't find Ray.
Where is he?
[STRAINING] Tell
your girlfriend to back off.
[PUNCH LANDS][GRUNTS]
I've been looking
for your brother, Dante.
It's 3:00 in the morning,
Arlo.
Yeah, that's what
your cheap-ass clock says.
Analog, bro?
Really?
[GRUNTS]As you can see,
I am very upset.
Club Cyrk was torched.
$20 million in fentanyl
is missing.
And so is Ray.
So, it seems to me like
you got more than just
interior-design problems.
Ray wouldn't torch
that club.
And there's no way
he would cross Gabriel Knox.
You know, I thought the same
thing about eight hours ago.
[GRUNTS]
Find
your shithead brother.
And get my damn drugs back!
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Knox would hate
for this to get messy.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Let's go.
[COUGHS]
[GROANS]
[DOOR HINGES CREAK]ZACH: Daddy?
Hey. [SNIFFLES]
Hey.
Stay there. Stay there.
It's okay.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Come here. Come here.
It's okay.
Can I go to Mom's house?
♪♪ When you move
as fast as I'm movin'
♪♪ All the toxic things
that I'm using ♪♪
SYD: What are we doing
on Tujunga?
Nobody takes Tujunga.
You're wasting time.
Just make a left right here.
I know how to get there!The app says
there's a shortcut.
Make a le...The app can suck it!
I know L.A.
[JAMAICAN ACCENT]
Sista girl is right.
De app is always faster.
Wait a minute. Is someone
talking in the backseat?
Someone I told
to shut his face
five minutes ago?
I ain't playing
with you, Gil.
Why ya givin'
da man grief?
'Cause you made us
chase you, jackass.
My people were born to run.
I have an obligation to flee.
All right,
your fake-ass Jamaican accent
is getting on my damn nerves.
So, what are we gonna do with
Usain-I-Tried-To-Bolt?
We don't have time
to book him.
Detectives, detectives,
if you could see your way
to letting me go
wit tonly a warning...
You could just slow da car.
I'll hop out.
You don't teven
have to come to a stop.
BOTH: Shut up, Gil!
You know what?
There's always, uh...
No, Syd.
Yes.What?
You could always what?
♪♪ Everybody got
their own demons[TIRES SCREECH]
♪♪ Everybody fightin'... ♪♪
Hey, Syd.What's up?
Nancy. Practice ended
20 minutes ago.
[SIGHS] She's mad.
[SNIFFS]
Why does it smell like Snoop
just farted in here?
[THUMPING]GIL: [MUFFLED]
Dis ain't civilized.
Let da man out!
You've got a perp
in the trunk.
No. Izzy,
we wouldn't do that,
all right?
We've got a snitch
in the trunk.
GIL: I'd prefer
"confidential informant."
That's lit.Right?
I promise
I won't tell Dad.
Thanks, darling.
Seat belt.
[TIRES SCREECH]
♪♪♪♪
Hey.
Can I help you?
Huh?I live here.
You need something?
Dad, I'm gonna need
some new cleats!
Syd, save me
some lasagna.
Oh, you better claim that now.
I can't make any promises.
PATRICK: After we finished
the floors,
we opened up this wall
to the kitchen.
Hey.
Hi.
Hey, honey,
this is Steven Hines.
This my wife, Nancy,
and her partner.
SYD: What's up?They're detectives.
PATRICK: Steven grew up
in this house.
20 years ago.
Oh. Really?Yeah.
He was outside
when I came back from my run.
Yeah, I was just checking out
the old neighborhood.
I just invited him in
to take a look
and, you know, warned him
we updated a few things.
Basically gutted
his childhood memories.
Looks great.
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Uh-huh.
Uh, listen, um,
I don't want to interrupt
your whole day.
Patrick, thank you.
Nice to meet you.
You know what?
I-I left my phone
in my jacket in the car.
I'll walk you out.Oh, perfect.
All right,
who ate all the damn lasagna?
♪♪♪♪
Say something.
You can't just
show up here like this.
Shit's happening.
Okay? Ray's gone.
I can't find him.
There's drugs missing.
That sounds like
a Ray problem.
Yeah, he's done
some stupid things, okay?
But Ray would never do this,
and you know that.
Dante, you need to go.
We cannot talk
about this here.
You know your partner
torched Cyrk.
Syd wouldn't do that.
She did.
And now Ray and me are caught
in the middle of this.
So, please, Perez...
I need you
to help me find Ray.
Okay? I...
I-I have
nowhere else to go.
I will do whatever
I have to do
to protect him.
You don't know what Knox
is capable of.
I'll see what I can do.
You need to lay low.
Okay.
All... All I know is, um,
Ray's been hanging
with this...
This new guy.
His name's Sonny.
He lives in Hollywood.
So, I'll dig up what I can.
I'll text you.
Okay.
I'm sorry
for putting this on you.
I always wondered
when we'd see
each other again.
I just never imagined
it would...be like this.
♪♪♪♪
♪♪ I know what you are[SIGHS]
♪♪ I know what ya like ♪♪[KEYPAD BEEPS]
Hello?So, what do you got
for me?
That's a dangerous question
coming from such a beautiful
woman like yourself, Syd.
It's never gonna happen,
Fletch.
So, uh, what'd you find out
about Ray Sherman?
Oh, boy's been off the grid 24 hours,
no cell phone activity,
no FasTrak, credit cards,
bank account, all quiet.
He's either dead,
or he don't want to be found.
Why you looking for him?
Playing a game of chess,
and it's his move.
Hmm. What about,
um, paperwork for Club Cyrk?
Standard boilerplate stuff...
Although Ray did take out
a pretty large equity loan
on his building last year.
His younger brother, Dante,
was the cosigner.
All right, find out everything
you can about Dante,
and I'll call you back
in an hour.
Can't your boys
down at the LAPD
handle this?
No, actually.
They'd be way too busy
serving a warrant
at a brothel in Koreatown
fronting as a massage parlor.
Uh...
How do you know
where I am, Syd?
Smokey Robinson voice,
bad Korean elevator music
in the background,
your limited finances.
You're a dangerous woman,
Syd Burnett.
Don't you ever forget it.
[KEYPAD BEEPS]
Y'all got Wi-Fi?
[SPEAKING SPANISH ON TV]
Donde estabas?
Library.
[SPANISH ON TV CONTINUES]
What do you care?
There's no milk.
The eggs are gone.
There's nothing to eat.
When's the last time
you cooked something?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
I did. I bought it last night,
and your boyfriend
drank it all.
EDDIE: You got a mouth
on you, huh?You're supposed to feed us.
That's what mothers do.
They feed their kids.
[SPANISH ON TV CONTINUES]
♪♪♪♪
Hey.
Don't let Mom know
I gave you this.
Go get yourself
something to eat.
Thanks.
Hey.
Don't buy candy, Nico.
♪♪ It's gon' be all right
♪♪ Ya
♪♪ Yo, what up
Hey, how you dern?
♪♪ Lemme talk
Now it's my turn
♪♪ Light this blunt
Now let it burn
♪♪ Hear this music
Know its worth
♪♪ A-okay
Meeting adjourned
♪♪ Jumpin', y'all did not know I can learn
♪♪ Boston legend, Larry Bird
We gon' tour around the
♪♪ I want a billion Benny's so I can blow them at Denny's
♪♪ I turned this song
to a melie
♪♪ Gon' rip the bartenders
empty
♪♪ Now we be blowing confetti
♪♪ I'm young and I'm ready
♪♪ I'm hungry, I'm sweaty
I'm cheddy
♪♪ I'm '90s
like Ed, Edd n Eddy
♪♪ Go hit that celly, damn
♪♪ Mama do that belly dance
♪♪ We be puffin' smelly plants
♪♪ Sing like
it's R. Kelly's jam
♪♪ Made it
to the promise land ♪♪
Why does she do that
all the time?Hmm?
Pretending to be dead.
It's weird, right?
She's a typical teenager,
screaming for attention.
It'll cost us like,
uh...
300 bucks?
What, in therapy?
Yeah.
Retail therapy.
[CHUCKLES]Bags, shoes, jewelry.
It's not getting better.
No. But at least it's not,
you know...
...[QUIETLY] piercings.Don't.
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]Guys, I just got tagged
on a viral video.
It's a beautiful day.
We're out here
on the Wilson Trail.
Come on.
Are you gonna get in this?
MAN: No. Just keep going.
He's being shy.
So you just get me...
And the view.
You can see the whole city.
Look.
There's Dodger Stadium.
And a little bit further up,
we might be able to see
the ocean.
What are you doing?
[GUN COCKS] Oh, my God. Eric?
Eric, no. No!
[GUNSHOTS]
[GRUNTS, GASPING]
♪♪♪♪
What is she doing?
[GASPING CONTINUES]
[GASPING STOPS]
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God,
are you seeing this?
GIRL 1: I was tagged.What's happening?
GIRL 2: Yeah, me too.
♪♪♪♪
Is something wrong?
Izzy, is this real?
Yeah.
Look at her eyes.
Hey. What's up?
Dad, I think a girl
just...died.
What?We heard gunshots.
She looked scared,
really scared.
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
I gotta go.
You guys,
don't watch that.
And don't tag
anyone else.
Okay.
[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
SYD: I can't believe
the girls saw that video.
Is Izzy okay?
Yeah.
Strangely calm.
[SIREN CHIRPING]Tough kid.
I don't know.
She didn't even flinch.
Some people are
just built that way.
Syd, I need you
to be straight with me.
All right.Did you burn down
Club Cyrk?
Yeah. I did.
Shit.
I wasn't expecting that.
BAINES: Syd.
Talk to your boy
right here.
Look at him,
with the sling.
I'm telling you, man,
you gotta lose it.
It's not a good look.
Zero swag.Yo, I got shot.
That was four days ago.
Come on, now.
You gotta man up.
Now, if that was me...
Oh, here we go with another
"back in the day" story
about if it had been you.
You would've had
a leg hanging off,
take down
three masked bad guys
while making yourself
a sandwich.
Two sandwiches.
I would've been making
two sandwiches.Oh, Jesus.
And you need to learn
how to effectively exaggerate,
my friend.I got shot, Baines.
You were grazed.My shirt was soaked in blood.
Back me up, McKenna.Your lip was quivering.
SYD: You were crying
like a baby.
[HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING]
[CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING]
♪♪♪♪
Victim's Denise Bradshaw,
22,
gunshot wound to the arm,
fatal shot to the back,
no witnesses.
Well, according to this
StoryLive feed,
there are
800,000 witnesses.
And counting.WALKER: Yeah, except no one
can I.D. the killer.
Eric.
She said "Eric"
during the live feed.
That's got to be
our shooter.
Well, Denise Bradshaw
knew her killer.
That's a start.
.380 automatic.
♪♪ Sometimes you win
♪♪ Sometimes you don't
♪♪ And there's $20
♪♪ Says you won't
You're late.
Yeah. I had to
take care of something.
What?
Hey, I got some weed.
I get to roll it
this time.
No, the papers aren't in...
It's... It's just for
protection, okay?
That's all.
♪♪ If you tell me why ♪♪
You trust me, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
SYD: The only help I want
is the name and address
of your C.I.
Can you do that for me?I'm sorry.
I can't give you that.
I don't feel comfortable
giving you that information.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Hold on, Syd.
Maybe I can help
another way.
You know that's the only
way to get Knox.
Hunting Gabriel Knox,
it's foolish.
It's dangerous.Yeah. I know.
You've said it.
You've made your point.
Look, have you really
thought about what
you're doing?
I mean,
how does it end, Syd?
You gonna
get yourself killed?
So, now you're worried
about me?
Hmm? Cute.
You're my daughter.
Let me help you.
I already have a partner.
Keep her out of it.
Don't force her
to choose your partnership
over her badge.
Wow.
[CHUCKLES]
Look at you giving advice
on partnerships.
Not your strong suit.
I'll find another way.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Wait.
Odell Watkins.
Hey.
Was this you?Oh, come on, man,
absolutely not.
This is disrespectful.
Did you do this?
[CHUCKLES]Did you?
McKenna,
help me out here.
You went too far.
Yeah.I did not do this.
[CHUCKLING] No.
I am innocent.
Somebody call the cops.
I got feelings, man.
I swear on my mother's eyes
I wouldn't do that to you.
It wasn't me.You swear on what?
It's an old expression.Yeah, really old.
Hey, McKenna!
Where you going?
Go ahead!
We got this!
Hey, check this out,
all right?
One of the last calls
Denise Bradshaw made
was to this burner phone,
which was purchased
in a three-pack
at a Quick Mart in Encino.
Can we I.D. the buyer?No.
Paid cash,
there's no surveillance,
but look at this call
and text history.
Yeah.
So, this phone's
just been used to communicate
with our victim, Denise?Mmm-hmm.
It was activated
a week ago
and went dark right
after the murder.
So it has to be
the killer.
Eh...He bought three phones.
So we are looking at
two more potential victims.
Another one of these phones
was activated
right after
it was purchased.
This guy's
a possible serial killer.
So, I'm gonna get
whatever subscriber info
I can on this phone.
Once I get a name,
I'll cross-ref...
No, no, no, no.
Let's not wait.
I mean, he could be
already on to his next victim.
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
[RINGING]
WOMAN: Hello?
WALKER: You're sure it was
the same hiking trail
where the woman
was murdered.Yeah. The Wilson Trail.
I watched that video
like a dozen times.
Where'd you meet this Eric?In the coffee shop
where I work.
He came in about a month ago.
We exchanged numbers.
We met up at a diner
after work one night.
The next day, he called
and asked me to go hiking.
I got there first.
We, uh, smoked a joint
in the parking lot.
Do you remember his car?
Mustang. New.
It didn't even
have plates yet.
So, tell us what happened
on that trail.
Just try to relax.
You're doing great.
[VOICE BREAKING]
Thank you.
About halfway up the trail,
he asked me
if I brought my phone.
He wanted me to film myself
on StoryLive.
I thought that was odd.
I told him
that I wanted to go back,
and he got angry...
Really angry.
I had that little voice
in my head telling me
that I needed to get the hell
out of there, so I ran.
I got in my car,
and I drove away.
Can you describe Eric?
Light brown hair,
blue eyes.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
[BELL DINGS]
Are you okay?
Hmm? Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm just trying to think.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS
CONTINUE]
[CHUCKLES]
This is my brother's jacket.
You didn't tell me
why you were late today.
What are you
talking about?
Just tell me
if you have a girlfriend.
Ahh.
Yeah. I do.
I'm staring at her right now,
and she's beautiful.
Hey, is...
Is your phone charged?
Yeah. Why?
Mine's dead, you know.
Thank you.
Hey. Come on.
Let's get out of here.
No, wait.
We have to pay.
No, we don't.
This is crazy.
Just go. Go.
♪♪♪♪
[DOOR HINGES CREAK]
[DOG BARKING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING ON TV]
MR. MAGOO: Oh, hello.
Listen to the happy laughter
of those friendly natives.
Ah, what a joyful lot...
And a good audience, too.
[DOOR HINGES CREAK]
...the joke well.
What's this?
[CHIRPING CONTINUES]
Great balls of fire!
What a monster!
Waldo, hand me
my .300 Magnum elephant gun.
Ooh, I can just see it hanging in my trophy room.
Now I'll just separate this grass,
lay my gun barrel across this hammock.
Steady, Magoo. Steady.
Stay where you are...
[CLATTERING] ...my pretty prize.
One...
[EXPLOSION]
Aah! Ooh!
What a kick in that gun!
WALDO:
Uh, what happened?
Missed him.
That's what.
You know you can
get yourself killed
sneaking up on people
like that.
Says the lady with the gun
standing over a dead body
in a tub.
What are you doing here?
Following you.
Why are you here?
Looking for him.
Looks like someone got to him
before you did.
What's he to you?
Old C.I. of a friend.
Odell Watkins.
I had hoped that he would
give me a new lead to Knox.
He's the one
who put me onto Ray Sherman...
Who must have found out and
killed the poor naked bastard.
No, that's not
Ray's style.
And what do you know
about Ray Sherman's style?
Nothing.
He's a businessman.
He owns clubs.
He's with Knox.
He's a drug dealer.
And you bite your lip
when you lie.
I thought we were gonna do
this Knox thing together.
What happened
to no more secrets?
Like "tailing your partner"
secrets?
No. Like "burning down
Club Cyrk" secrets.
Was that really
your only option?
Yeah. Yeah.
It felt pretty solid
at the time, actually.
See, you ask me
a direct question,
I will give you
a direct answer.
You're my partner,
McKenna.
I'm not gonna lie to you.Let me help you.
Let's get Knox
the right way.
Well,
I tried the right way.
Exhibit A,
naked black man facedown,
which leads me to, we need to
get the hell out of here
'cause I don't need them
connecting this to us.
Bring him back alive!
This is messed up.
Dead body upstairs.
It's a crime scene.
Someone's got to call it in.
Yep. Somebody does.So, you know, you gonna...
N-No. Hell no.
I was that somebody
last week.
What?
That was a lunch order.
That was
a Nancy McKenna lunch order.
"Oh, I'll have
a toasted bun.
"If you could scoop out
the middle of the roll,
that'd be great.
"Aioli on the side,
"easy on the onions,
extra pickles.
"If there is
Dijon mustard,
"I'd like that in a separate
container so nothing touches."
I didn't know
it was an issue.
If it takes more
than five words
to describe the order,
it's not a freaking sandwich.
[BEEPS, RINGS]
MAN: 911.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
Are you being helped,
sir?
Joseph Vaughn.
I'm waiting for my daughter,
Syd Burnett.
Detective Baines.
I didn't know
Syd had a father.
I... I mean, you...
You have to have a father.
You know,
the sperm and the egg
and the X, Y thing.
You know, it's just that
she never really
talk about personal stuff,
you know?
Someone's here to see you,
Detective Burnett!
We need to talk.
Now is not a good time.
I'm not asking.
Do you know
who her dad is?
Never met him.
I don't think they're close.
Yo, is that
the Joseph Vaughn?
Lots of stories out
there. Don't believe
everything you hear.
In the Academy,
they used to talk about him
like a lesson
in what not to do.
Taught to you by
some corny-ass house mouse
who never strapped on
a gun belt.
I'm sure whatever happened,
he has to live with it
every day.
I warned you.
I told you to leave it alone.
No, no, no! We don't even know
that Odell's death
had anything to do with me
looking for Knox.
Listen to yourself!
You're starting to believe
your own bullshit.
I don't have to listen
to this.
Yes, you do.
Odell... He wasn't just
my C.I., baby.
He was my friend.
He trusted me.
This...
This is on you.
♪♪♪♪
[DOOR OPENS]
[SNIFFLES]
Please go away.
Walker's running down
a strong lead on the
Wilson Trail killer.
[SIGHS]
You didn't tell me that
"Silky" Vaughn was your dad.
"Silky"?
Yeah. I got to narcotics
a year after he left.
Legend has it
he was so smooth undercover,
he could talk his way
into or out of any situation.
Obviously
he wasn't that smooth
'cause he got fired.
[CHUCKLES]
Yeah.
You know,
when I was a kid,
these punks caught me walking
home from school alone.
Chased me down, beat my ass,
and took my Walkman.
Walkman?
How old are you? Jesus.
My point is,
I'm sitting there on the curb,
licking my wounds,
wiping my tears.
This young cop comes up,
drives me home,
even buys me a Slurpee
on the way.
The next day,
he comes back to my house
and tells me and my folks
that those guys
that roughed me up
are never gonna
bother me again.
Let me guess.
That cop was Joseph.
No.
Is any part
of this story true?
No.
[CHUCKLES]
And nobody called your dad
"Silky," either.
[LAUGHS]
You're such an ass.
Well, this ass
made you smile.
Look, Syd, I know
you're going through a lot.
But if you need something...
I'm here.
Thanks.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
♪♪♪♪
[SNIFFLES]
...and the view.
You can see
the whole city.
Look.
There's Dodger Stadium.Hey. You all right?
SYD: I'm fine.
Let's worry about her.
Well, obviously
the killer gets off
on killing his victim while
they're live on social media.
Are there any other cases
with the same M.O.?
Baines and Walker
just interviewed someone
who they think could have been
his first target.
So, Denise Bradshaw
was his second.
Killer bought three phones,
so we have to assume he's
planning on at least one more.
This Eric Lacey is
a serial killer in the making,
if that's
even his real name.
He fits the description
of half the white dudes
in L.A.
But we do know
he drives a brand-new Mustang
with no plates.
Okay. New car.
We can track him down using
the unique Bluetooth
identifiers from the tires.
Denise's co-workers
said that Eric picked her up
on the way to the park.
Probably one or two cars
that went the same route
in that time frame.
Find the car,
we will find Denise's killer.
It's worth a try.
[COMPUTER BEEPING]
These are the towers that
recorded the Bluetooth signal.
SYD: So, let's see
who owns these cars.
NANCY: We can eliminate
most of these.
This unknown driver's
got to be the one.
SYD: Damn. It's a dealership
in Nevada.
That doesn't help us
locate Eric Lacey.
Wait a minute.
The Bluetooth numbers
are unique to that Mustang.
We can re-create
the path the car took
by identifying the cell towers
the signal connected with.
We've got multiple hits
on that Bluetooth signal
in that same area
on two consecutive days.
Then that's
where we look for his car.
Let's go.
♪♪ Unh, that's tight
♪♪ Make a move, make a move
Yeah, right
WALKER: [OVER COMMS] Syd,
this is no time to shop,
all right?
We got eyes on the Mustang.
♪♪ That's tight
♪♪ Make a move, make a move
Yeah, right
Oh, I'll take this one.
♪♪♪ Bought to bounce
Back to it
Keep the change.
♪♪ This the last call
Ain't it?
♪♪ Better finish
all your alcohol, got dangit
♪♪ I've been on a roll
On a call, no planning
Way a scheme
♪♪ Bet a brother dream
Take over the planet
♪♪ Bring the rhythm to
the whole nation like Janet
♪♪ Falling with
no source of balance
♪♪ 808 my target practice
Wait a minute
♪♪ No panic
Let me fix it up
♪♪ 'Cause I bring the flavor
like your favorite ♪♪
[CAR ALARM BLARES]
♪♪♪♪
[CAR ALARM DEACTIVATES]
I got him.
Green and blue
plaid shirt,
light jeans, dark sneakers.
LAPD!
Let me see your hands!
[GUNSHOTS]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
Put it down!
[GUNSHOTS]
♪♪♪♪
Eric Lacey, LAPD!
Drop the gun!
[GUNSHOT]Drop the gun... Police!
You're just adding time,
brother! Let it go!
Ugh!Don't move!
You guys good?
Get over here.
You like grabbing girls,
huh?
Yeah, you got me.
You think you solved
the problem, though?
[HANDCUFFS CLICK]
She deserved to die!
They all deserved to die!
[SIREN WAILING]
Eric Lacey,
you're under arrest
for the murder of
Denise Bradshaw.
[CAR DOOR CLOSES]
[SIGHS] Not exactly
the plan I drew up, Syd.
I don't like to wait.Clearly.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
I got to take this.
Sorry. I got caught up
with some stuff.
That was the longest hour
of my life.
What do you got?
I just sent you
the sealed juvenile files
and prison records
for your boy Dante.
You owe me.
I am operating
in a suboptimal work space,
hooked up to
a Friendly Hands Wi-Fi
with the bandwidth
of a baby monitor,
and I got the Korean Medusa
giving me the hairy eyeball.
Yeah, your thank-you card's
in the mail.
Let me take
a look at the file.
Hold on.
[CELL PHONE CHIRPS]
It's a recent photo
and his juvie record.
Are you sure this
is the same Dante Sherman?
Ray Sherman's brother?
I'm positive.
And while we're
on the subject, Syd,
you might want to think twice
about digging too deep
in your partner's business.
I'm not into
your personal drama.
It messes with my Qi.[KEYPAD BEEPS]
Hello? Syd?
Ain't that a bitch?
♪♪♪♪
McKenna,
let's take a ride.
[ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
[CAR DOOR CLOSES]SYD: Do you know
about 20 years ago,
Ray Sherman's
little brother, Dante,
he got shot
trying to rob this place.
His young Latina accomplice,
she was the getaway driver,
which is probably why nobody
could ever identify her.
Yeah, they were wanted
in a series of robberies.
Okay.
You made your point.
Oh, no, no, no, no. I was just
getting to the good part.
So, Dante,
he wouldn't give up
his girl.
So Dante
went to prison for her,
for this
sweet little angel.
And Nancy Perez,
she would go visit him.
That's enough.
Is it?
Is it enough?
All that talk about,
"I got your back,
"we're in this together,
Syd,"
that was bullshit.
This is not the same.He was in your house
this morning.
I get it, right?
I... I get it.
I know how it is.
Dante didn't give you up.
You owe him, right?
You don't know shit, Syd.
♪♪♪♪
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS,
ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
[ELEVATOR DOORS OPEN]
Lieutenant Calloway.
Been a while.
Yeah.
I know word on the street
is I died of a broken heart.
But here I am.
I said no strings.
You did.
How's robbery homicide
treating you?
A lot better
than narcotics.
A lot less drama.
[CHUCKLES]
I'm hoping you could help me
with something.
All right.A couple of my guys
in the DEA
were tracking
a shipment of fentanyl.
Club Cyrk
was the drop spot.
We were drawing up
a warrant to hit the place
when it
suddenly burned down.
Fire Marshal
said it was arson.
Yeah.
I heard about that.
I heard you
and your partner
were there
the night before
the place got torched.
Apparently involved
in some kind of ruckus.
Ruckus? Can you describe
the ruckus, sir?
Were you there or not?Yeah. We were there.
We were having
a couple drinks.
Manager
got out of pocket.
Me and McKenna handled it.
That's it.
So, what's up, Jay?
'Cause this is a simple call.
You didn't have to come
all the way up here.
A shitload of drugs
went missing from Cyrk
before the fire.
There are a lot of eyes
on this.
Sounds like you
and your boys need to
get your story straight.
I like the beard.
Thank you.
♪♪♪♪
[SIREN WAILING]
[MOUSE CLICKING]
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
[CLICKING CONTINUES]
♪♪ Baby, I'm lost
[INDISTINCT SPEAKING ON TV]
♪♪ Know that I'm lost
♪♪ Baby, I'm lost
What's up with
the gin and tonic?
Thought you
were a bourbon guy.
It was
Odell's favorite.
♪♪ They're full of surprise
[INDISTINCT SPEAKING ON TV
CONTINUES]
♪♪ Baby, I'm lost
Lost, lost, lost
♪♪ Yes, I am
Who's on the mound?
Kershaw.
He's a bull.
Stubborn...
Never gives in
to a hitter.
That's what makes him
so great.
Great as he is,
he can't get a win without
a team behind him.
♪♪ Baby, I'm lost
♪♪ Lost in your touch
♪♪ I need it so much
♪♪ I'm lost in your eyes
♪♪ They are full of surprise
♪♪ Baby, I'm lost
Lost, lost, lost
♪♪ Ahh, ha-ha-ha ♪♪
[ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
[INDISTINCT TALKING]
What's up, Detective?
You want to pat me down
real quick?
[INDISTINCT TALKING CONTINUES]
[INDISTINCT SPEAKING ON TV]
Hey.[SIGHS] Hey.
Oh, come on in.
Thanks.
Can I get you something?
Beer? Soda?
No, I-I can't stay
this time.
Um, I just
wanted to bring you this.
[SCOFFS]
Look, you don't have to
do that, all right?
I know. I just...
You know, I want to
make sure you're good.
Thanks.
[SIGHS]
Look, if, um...
If people, you know, start to
come around asking about me,
or when we were kids...
You don't even
have to worry,
all right?
I got you.
I know.
I know. Um...
All right.
Okay.
Hey, Nico,
don't go buying candy
with that.
[CHUCKLES]
[LEXXI SAAL'S COME OUT
WHEREVER YOU AREPLAYS]
♪♪ Finders keepers
Losers weepers
♪♪ Up in flames
like high fevers
♪♪ Got a secret
Can you keep it?
[ENGINE STARTS] ♪♪ Don't let them
hear you breathing
♪♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ah, ah
[VOCALIZING]
Dante, it's gonna be okay.
This is the last time.
We'll have enough money
to take Nico and move
out of town.
Hey. That's him.
Nancy, you got your phone,
right?
Mmm-hmm.
Okay.
If something happens,
you call Ray, all right?
Wait.
Be careful.
Yeah.
♪♪♪♪
[MAN SHOUTING
IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
[GUNSHOT]
[SHOUTING CONTINUES]
Dante!
[GUNSHOT]
Go!Shit. No!
Go away, Nance!
Go, Nancy!
Go! Do it!
[ENGINE STARTS]
♪♪ No more monsters in my head
♪♪ They're right here
with me instead
♪♪ I got a secret
Can you keep it?
♪♪ Don't let them
hear you breathing
♪♪♪♪
[GUN, BADGE THUD]
♪♪ Come out, come out
wherever you are
♪♪ Don't try to run
You won't get far
♪♪ Come out, come out
wherever you are
♪♪ Come out wherever you are ♪♪
♪♪♪♪